# Sick Leave Policy

Nylas offers unlimited sick days. All sick days should be logged in your Gusto account. Get the rest you need, and don’t get the whole office sick!

- Sick leave may be used for purposes that extend beyond your own sickness but don’t rise to the level of a serious health condition.
- Sick days may be used to care for yourself or a family member (which includes a spouse or domestic partner, parent, parent-in-law, sibling, grandparent, or grandchild). For employees who do not have a spouse or domestic partner, the employee may designate an alternative person for whom the employee may use paid sick leave to provide care—please contact HR for further information.
- An employee who is the victim of a domestic assault, sexual violence, or stalking may also use sick days for certain purposes related to the domestic assault, sexual violence, or stalking, including seeking legal relief; ensuring the health, safety or welfare of the employee or children; or obtaining specified services or counseling.
- If you need extended time off (more than five consecutive business days) for illness or injury, HR will need to evaluate the absence request and determine whether (and to what extent) the absence will be approved and/or qualify for a leave of absence under the law or the Company’s Caretaker Leave Policy. Sick days may not be used to receive pay during a leave of absence.
- Returns from extended time off will require a note from a physician before returning to work.  The note must state that the employee is under the care of the physician, that the physician has determined that the employee can return to work with no restrictions, and contact information for the physician so that HR can verify the physician's standing with the appropriate licensing agency/agencies in the state where the physician practices.
